the first task is to dig the den out to
check that no inhabitants of mood in for
the winter it looks pretty intact yeah
we much like we left it look then fit
for a nice Bears the Bears are still
angry with us
and I understand why it's time for that
nasty needle again I wish I could
explain to them it's for their own good
okay that's a that's a lowered rear leg
sucking you get that you got her already
good ready go go each time Jeff Pope's
the jab stick into the crate the Bears
swat it with her paws and eventually
break the needle you get her from around
the side oh yeah I think so that second
hole back from the back I hear with the
light set yeah right there that's it
that's a hit it goes straight across did
I see if I can get him up here
okay straight across straight yeah let's
meet across go straight yep tell me if
I'm so good no no back up
like looking at a black hole there when
I get him to move forward he's perfect
so you need to go quickly
tell me if I'm lined up still your ear
lined up fine when I get him forward
okay you ready okay come on come on okay
okay now wow yeah right now
dad I'm not there today yeah it looks
painful it didn't hurt him at all
with both bare soundly asleep its Levi's
moment to rid the den site of evil
spirits the Nez Perce believed man and
nature are one and the same when you die
you return to nature and that means to
them these bears are our ancestors
we want to ask creator to protect these
bears and we have summons in the spirit
world
to acknowledge that they are here we ask
grandfather that you'll guard over this
door and that you will not let evil come
to this place that's you out yet
shoulders in try to roll them in there
anything I can do Johnny all right it's
pretty tight gonna take a quick look
jump mm-hmm this is my last chance to
see the Bears close-up straighteners
little lows out make you look beautiful
as you are good boy
I feel honored to be involved with
returning to the wild good luck little
buns cover front of the entrance with
snow
but a huge sense of achievement for
everybody here visit we people it's just
tears of absolute joy actually fantastic
you